src/index.md, before:

Hi!
This is a website where I write about stuff I'm interested in. These days that's Rust and ML. 

This site's source code is [available on GitHub](https://github.com/SabrinaJewson/sabrinajewson.github.io).
All content on the site is available under MIT, Apache-2.0, or CC BY 4.0.

## About Me { #about-me }

I'm an ML engineer from Canada currently working for [Mistral Ai](https://mistral.ai/) in Paris. Before that, I went to school at [Queen's](https://www.queensu.ca/) and [Polimi](https://www.polimi.it/) where I studied applied math.

I am a hobbyist Rust programmer, mainly working on projects centered around AI in some way and contributing in my own capacity to [open-source projects](https://github.com/search?q=org:meilisearch+author:nnethercott&type=commits). I've been using the language since 2023, but actually earn a living working in Python.

You can find me via:
- [GitHub, as nnethercott](https://github.com/nnethercott)
- Email, at `natenethercott@gmail.com`
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natenethercott/)
- [Hugging Face, as nnethercott](https://huggingface.co/nnethercott)

Commit message:

mathjax, add media, migrate some posts

src/index.md, after:

Hi!
This is a blog/devlog where I write about stuff I'm interested in (these days that's Rust, ML, and infra).

This site's original source code is [available on GitHub](https://github.com/SabrinaJewson/sabrinajewson.github.io).
All content on the site is available under MIT, Apache-2.0, or CC BY 4.0.

## About Me { #about-me }

I'm an AI engineer from Canada currently working for [Mistral](https://mistral.ai/) in Paris. Before that, I went to school at [Queen's](https://www.queensu.ca/) and [Polimi](https://www.polimi.it/) where I studied applied math.

I am a hobbyist Rust programmer, mainly working on projects related to ML & statistical learning and contributing in my own capacity to [open-source projects](https://github.com/search?q=org:meilisearch+author:nnethercott&type=commits). I've been using the language since 2023, but actually earn a living working in Python.

You can find me via:
- [GitHub, as nnethercott](https://github.com/nnethercott)
- Email, at `natenethercott@gmail.com`
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natenethercott/)
- [Hugging Face, as nnethercott](https://huggingface.co/nnethercott)
